July 19, 2026
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street,
Mumbai 400 001

National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex,
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051

Scrip Code: 500325

Trading Symbol: RELIANCE

Dear Sirs,
Sub:

Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 Transcript

Transcript of the discussion on the Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and
Standalone) of the Company for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, at the analyst meet held
on July 17, 2026, is attached and also available on the website of the Company at
https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec.
The analyst meet, conducted physically, concluded at 9:45 p.m. (IST) on July 17, 2026.
This is for information and records.
Thanking you
Yours faithfully,
For Reliance Industries Limited
Digitally signed

SAVITHRI
SAVITHRI by
PAREKH
Date:
2026.07.19
PAREKH
18:05:22 +05'30'

Savithri Parekh
Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer
Encl.: as above
Copy to:
Luxembourg Stock Exchange
35A Boulevard Joseph II
L-1840 Luxembourg

Singapore Exchange Limited
2 Shenton Way, #02-02 SGX Centre 1,
Singapore 068804

Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786

RIL Q1 FY2026 - 2027
Media & Analyst Call Transcript
17 July 2026 19:52 IST

Call Participants:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Head of Corporate Development, Reliance Retail
Sh Ketan Mody, Executive Director, Reliance Consumer Products Limited
Sh Ishan Chatterjee, CEO, Sports, JioStar
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta, COO – Refining & Marketing, Reliance Industries Limited
Sh Amit Chaturvedi, President – Petrochemicals, Reliance Industries Limited
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy, President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited
Sh Karan Suri, Senior Vice President - New Energy, Reliance Industries Limited

Duration: 01:51:20 minutes
Presentation Link: https://www.ril.com/sites/default/files/202607/Presentation_for_RIL_Analyst_Meeting_v17072026.pdf
Meeting Audio: https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Sh V Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:09:45 (Group Performance)
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:09:51 – 00:20:53 (Jio Platforms)
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:20:58 - 00:32:28 (Retail)
Sh Ketan Mody 00:32:32 - 00:37:12 (FMCG)
Sh Ishan Chatterjee 00:37:20 – 00:42:54 (JioStar)
Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:43:09 - 00:59:18 (Refining & Marketing, Oil to Chemicals)
Sh Amit Chaturvedi 00:59:36 – 01:06:38 (Petrochemicals, Oil to Chemicals)
Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 01:06:47 – 01:12:12 (Exploration & Production)
Sh Karan Suri 01:12:26 – 01:19:45 (New Energy)
Q&A Session 01:19:48 – 01:51:20

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

1

Transcript:
PRESENTATION
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:01 – 00:09:45 (Group Performance)
So, this has been an extraordinary quarter. Extraordinary when you look at it from point of
view of macro volatility. Extraordinary if you see it from point of view of energy market shock.
Extraordinary when you think of it in the context of what kind of supply chain dislocation that
happened. And in that context is where when you look at the overall performance, I do want
to say that it has been an extraordinary performance too. The kind of agility we have shown
has been incredible and I will tell you why it is. But starting with the numbers, topline up 25%
primarily because of oil prices, but it is also a fact that Jio topline was also up 12%, even
retail was up close to 12%. So, it is not just about O2C. EBITDA has been strong and when
you look at EBITDA and recurring EBITDA, because last time, same time, we had the
Rs.8,900 Crores of Asian paints and that is why right through the presentation I have backed
it out, otherwise it just does not make comparable numbers and it does not make sense with
those numbers like that. So, when you look at that, our overall EBITDA is more than
Rs.54,000 Crores, so we are up 10%. Net profit at almost close to 23,200, again up 6%. And
when you see the numbers, strong performance, by O2C up 17%, JPL 15%. And that is really
those where they stand out performance. And we will also talk about the other businesses.
So again, consumer businesses is now again back to, it is about 50% of the overall mix. And,
cash flows continue to be strong, more than from a cash profit point of view, really funding
the overall capex.
Moving on to O2C specifically, 30% up on revenue basis. Rs.17,000 Crores and that's up
17%. And when you see the components of the performance, starting with, of course, high
distillate margins, we saw that. Significant 250% more, 300% more, but I just wanted to say
that those numbers are there, but I think those numbers are on a flat crude basis, and it does
not provide for the fact that you had to pay higher differentials to acquire the crude. But
broadly, performance is on the back of higher spreads. Deltas, even chemical deltas, three
to four years high. You always talked about the benefits of ethane cracking and when you
see it in this quarter, while oil prices were going up, actually ethane prices went down. So,
therefore, all the cracking that we do with the help of ethane, that was enormously valuable.
I think the whole challenge in this quarter was about getting the crude, given the kind of
dislocation we saw in the Middle East and, therefore, getting crude from Latin America,
getting crude from the US, Canada, Africa, Russia. So, the challenge has been to get the
crude because finally we were running the refinery at almost full capacity. Also, the other
reason for the performance also comes from the actual placement. So quickly, the ability to
reroute traffic back from Europe where we were exporting to actually more deficit markets in
Asia and Australia. That also helped to give us some of the margins back. Of course, all this
is there, but on the back of it, it was earnings were impacted by, of course, SAED was there,
under-recoveries in retail was there. We had a planned turnaround, which meant that
production meant for sale was lowered by 10%. LPG diversion, as you know, happened,
requirement. Also, gas had to be diverted for the other priority sector, which means that we

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

2

had to use more of liquids to run the refinery. This, I am saying all this to lay the context about
this performance is after providing for all this. So, in that sense is what I said, it is
extraordinary. Overall oil and gas, year-on-year revenues up 3%, almost EBITDA flat, slightly
lower.
And in a sense, KGD6 production was lower, KGD6 price realization was lower, but kind of
offset because CBM production was higher and actually the realization on CBM was higher
and the liquid, even though it is small, the significant jump in liquid price meant that we were
able to almost keep it flat to a year-on-year basis.
On JPL side, as I said, 12% on revenue side and about 15% on margin. And we also got the
benefit of margin expansion. We had market leadership, which was on the back of coverage,
tech use cases. And when you now see the number of customers, we have 533 million
customers and with about 285 on the 5G network. One of the points in the 12% year-on-year
growth is the fact that while connectivity was 11%, some of the digital services growth was
about 20%. So, it also helped pull, and that came on the back of content, cloud, compute,
IoT, and managed services, which Anshuman will take you through. But now also traction on
the FWA and of the 29 million fixed broadband subscriber base, now half of it is through
JioAirFiber.
On moving to retail side, Rs.90,000 Crores, so it is 12% higher. If you were to remove the
impact of RCPL, which was there last time, so it is 12%. EBITDA is Rs 6,309 crore, which is
slightly lower on a year-on-year basis. And here, two points I wanted to mention that this
reduction is a conscious play. We are focusing on ramping up digital commerce across
verticals. And as we focus on the hyperlocal delivery infrastructure. So, it is about trying to
create significant scale in terms of building up the digital commerce business. And it will be
backed, of course, by physical infrastructure, but also on the back of attractive value to the
customer. So, we think of it as a few quarters. We want to build this and build the digital
business, which I think then sets the stage for us for creating opportunities in the future. And
Dinesh will take you through the strategy that we have.
JioStar actually did well, Rs.13,000 Crores topline and income from operations, when I look
at income from operations up 30%, again, very, very strong performance in the context of
what was happening in terms of ads, etc. And RCPL continues to do well, and this is at
Rs.8,600 Crores is 2x of what it was. Again, each of the brands that we have built on
Independence, on the beverages side, on Campa, very, very strong growth there and the
focus there, as you know, is building the robust manufacturing and the supply chain
infrastructure. So those initiatives are absolutely going full swing.
So, I am not going to spend time, because if I talk through the numbers, overall, as you can
see, 25% up revenues, about 10% on EBITDA, and PAT 6%. As I said, same time, last time
was Rs.8,900 Crores plus of Asian paints. So it is, you know, if I were to back out for that,
this is the kind of overall numbers. You are seeing finance cost and depreciation up, finance
cost up 19%, and depreciation up 9%. Primarily, arising on account of the capitalization in
Jio. As you know, between March 2025 and March 2026, more than a lakh crore of assets
were capitalized. So therefore, it means higher depreciation. It means that the interest that

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

3

was getting capitalized now flows through the P&L. So that really more reflects what we have
done in terms of the Jio capitalization.
And overall, we talked through these numbers on O2C, oil and gas. I am not going to spend
time because each of the individual businesses will also talk about it. And overall, when you
see from a net debt point of view, it is slightly lower than what it was in March, Rs 1,23,000
Crores odd. And capex of about close to Rs.39,000 Crores. So, we had an upgrade in the
Moody's rating to Baa1 and, of course, with S&P at A-. So overall the balance sheet is healthy
and supporting our capex initiative both in the O2C side, New Energy side and also as we
build more on the hyper local strategy on retail and of course on RCPL and the data center.
So, the cash flow momentum is enormously valuable to support those capex. With this,
Anshuman.

Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:09:51 – 00:20:53 (Jio Platforms)
Thank you, Srikanth. Good evening, everyone. Update on the Jio results. Some key highlight
numbers for the quarter, 533 million subscribers in connectivity. That is a net addition of 35.2
million over the last 12 months. Out of these, 285 million are 5G users, so which is an addition
of 73 million in the last 12 months of 5G users. The home broadband, fixed broadband
connects has increased to 28.6 million, out of which 14 million are AirFiber homes. So now
a lot of the growth is really coming through the AirFiber connectivity, and we are also kind of
encouraging that because the last mile becomes much more economical and time efficient
in being able to do that. Financial numbers, Rs.39,173 Crores is the revenue, that is, 11.8%
year-on-year growth, EBITDA at Rs.20,865 Crores, that is a 15.1% year-on-year growth, with
an EBITDA margin of 53.3%. That is 150 basis points higher than the same quarter last year.
And 69.4 exabytes of total data traffic on the network, so 27% growth year-on-year. So, all
of these metrics showing fairly healthy performance and growth momentum continues.
So, in terms of performance highlights, double-digit EBITDA growth and this is when we have
now, as we had spoken last quarter, all of the 5G-related expenses and assets have been
fully capitalized. So, all of those are getting expensed now. Even after that, we had doubledigit EBITDA growth for the quarter.
The digital services growth is 20% year-on-year, which outpaces the connectivity growth,
which has been the trend over the last several quarters. It is of a smaller base. But
nonetheless, it is growing and growing well. And we have been able to monetize services
across content, cloud, IoT and managed services and a few others which are smaller in scale.
So that piece is doing quite well. We are the world's largest standalone 5G operator outside
of China with 285 million subscribers on our network. This is as of 30th June 2026. Per capita
data engagement increased to 43.7 GB per user per month, which again is amongst the
highest globally or for any operator. Another interesting stats is that 5G data traffic is now
one-and-a-half times of the 4G data traffic on our network. So, it is growing much more
rapidly, and we are also encouraging pushing a lot of data usage to that.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

4

On the FWA, we have spoken about this in the past, and we have included it in the DRHP,
so all of you have heard about this. Our proprietary stack is doing very well. And we have a
78% FWA market share of the net additions in India.
One other important piece of update for the quarter, there is this PCT rankings of the World
IP Organization. We are the only Indian technology company, technology innovator to be in
the global top 20 rankings and this has been a significant jump in our rankings over the last
year with almost now I think around 4,500 odd patents, which have either been awarded or
under evaluation. So, clearly establishing our technology leadership and these patents range
from across telecom-related products, network, OSS, BSS, the 4G, 5G core that we run
ourselves. So, the full network stack, and then a few other things around consumer and digital
services.
On the mobility side, strategy continues to remain the same, add consumers, extend market
leadership and where we have some inherent advantages or advantages that we have
worked on, unique advantages through our superior 5G experience, which network is now
pretty ubiquitous and it is helping us gain both 5G market share but also incremental
customer market share. We are able to do unique use cases, and we have again spoken
about this in the past, so I will not dwell on this, but because of the SA architecture, we have
been able to offer customers differentiated value propositions, and these are things like
URSP as well, which gives much better quality of service, of course, with the device
supporting. The other bit for us on the mobility side, and which is both a cause and an effect,
is using our network and our customer base as a gateway for digital services.
We are able to offer and really become the entry point for a whole bunch of digital services
like the OTT video, compute, or really AI use cases now increasingly, we spoke about the
Gemini partnership last quarter, music, cloud gaming. So, all of these are helping us or
helping these to access customers and in a process, helping us monetize our customers
better, but also these are becoming modes for us to get customers onto the network and
retain them.
And then another area of focus for us has been to transition more and more customers who
are on the 2G networks onto 4G, 5G. We continue to do that by enabling more digital offerings
for those customers through the JioBharat devices, but also affordable plans with partner
OEMs. So that continues to be a focus area for us, so amplifying circularity of scale and
digital services bouquet. It is a nice circle from our point of view because each is contributing
to the other.
On the home side, really using our end-to-end service offerings that we offer at home, the
set-top box as a gateway where we are able to push through a lot of content and other
services as well, gaming and cloud PC being some, which are now being used by people on
the set-top box. The JioTele OS, which replicates pretty much the set-top box on any smart
TV as a TV application. So, we kind of do not need the set-top box, the hardware piece in
every instance. And that is something that, again, we are popularizing more, JioPC and
JioGames, we have spoken about this in the past, but these are being offered through our
set-top box or through the JioTele OS and becoming increasingly popular with customers.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

5

The idea is also to do more coverage expansion. And with the FWA, that is, it is becoming
much more possible to be present across the country and be able to connect homes and
enterprises very quickly. Then the bundled services to unlock latent demand and where the
entry point may not be through broadband, we try and get it through digital content and make
that as the USP for offering the service to homes. But in most cases, the broadband adoption
is fairly quick and fairly fast, even if that is not the primary reason for somebody taking a
connection. So, on the Jio homes, we have 65% share in incremental net additions over the
last 12 months between FTTH and fixed wireless, a lot of that coming in through the fixed
wireless.
And then for the enterprises, where traditionally companies have had service-specific play,
you have had most of the traditional telcos focusing on connectivity, and then maybe adding
a layer or two of some of the other services. We have really focused on offering it as managed
services, where it is a combination of connectivity going in with a bunch of managed services
which are important and useful for enterprises across security, managed Wi-Fi is picking up
quite well, ERP, analytics, surveillance, and a whole bunch of other services that we are able
to offer as bundled services. And being able to offer this at short notice in specific locations
is something which is very important for enterprises and is helping us win more accounts
because of a combination of the FWA and the managed services offering that we are able to
give to the enterprise customers.
Coming to some key numbers, for RJIL, the connectivity business, the key operating metrics,
533.3 million total customer base. And as I said earlier, 73 million additions to the 5G
customer base and 8.6 million net additions to the broadband connections in the last 12
months. ARPU came in at 215.6 that is Rs.7 increase year-on-year. All of this, again, it is
without any tariff increases or tariff actions that have happened in the last 12 months. Total
data consumption grew to 69.4 exabyte, per capita data consumption at 43.7. Monthly churn
has been reducing every quarter.
On the financials for RJIL, the material subsidiary of JPL, the operating revenues came in at
Rs.34,212 Crores in this quarter, and EBITDA at Rs.19,590 at a 57.3% EBITDA margin, so
that is a healthy 130 basis points improvement over the last 12 months, and EBITDA growing
at 13.2% year-on-year.
JPL operating revenues at Rs. 39,173 Crores, as I said in the earlier slide as well, which was
at 12% growth, EBITDA grew faster with the operating leverage. And I will reiterate, this is
after considering all of the 5G networks being fully capitalized now. EBITDA margin at 53.3%,
EBIT Rs. 13,407 crores and profit after tax at Rs. 764 crores, the finance cost has gone up.
It is really because we are now expensing it, we are not capitalizing it. So, while the gross
interest cost has really come down because our overall debt number has reduced, but the
net interest cost has increased on a year-on-year basis or even from the previous quarter,
and that brought down the PAT. With that, I am going to hand over to Dinesh for an update
on the retail business.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

6

Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:20:58 - 00:32:28 (Retail)
Thanks, Anshuman. Hi, good evening, everyone. On the retail business, just to capture the
key metrics, on the operating side, our number of customers have grown 11% transactions
have grown 46% revenue growth is about 12%. So that shows that the number of
transactions is growing much faster than revenue. And that is a function of the growing
contribution of digital commerce in overall revenues. Digital commerce is picking up, the
revenue contribution is growing across consumption baskets because of which the average
transaction value is coming down. Unique customers served during the quarter is up 8.5%
on a Y-o-Y basis. So, we continue to add new customers who are coming across our retail
platform. So, these are customers who shopped across at least one of the platforms. In terms
of topline growth, as you would recollect, RCPL business was demerged out on 1st of
December. So Q1 had the full revenue. Adjusted for that, the underlying revenue growth is
11.6%. On a reported basis, the growth is 7.4%. Grocery digital orders are up 116% on a Yo-Y basis. So, both the number of orders are increasing, as well as the average order values
are increasing. EBITDA margin is at 7.9%. It is down 80 bps on a Y-o-Y basis. But if you
recollect, last two quarters, Q4 was 7.9, Q3 was 8.0. So, as we increase the growth of digital
revenues, margins have come down. It is a function of that. And that is a consistent trend
over the last three quarters. We continue to invest in technology and infrastructure for dark
stores to enable online commerce and which is driving the growth in costs. So, if we look at
revenue growth of 7.4%, 11.6 % adjusted for the overall business.
Now, each of the consumption baskets have grown strongly. All three major consumption
baskets, whether it is grocery, fashion, or electronics. All three of those consumption baskets
have grown in double digits. The LFL growths are quite healthy. In electronics, it is actually
double digits, both grocery and fashion. The numbers are in single digits, the share of online
is growing across consumption baskets as well. Profit after tax is down primarily because of
increase in depreciation and finance cost. EBITDA is more or less flat for the quarter.
Now just to give, you know, just a three-year roadmap for how we are thinking about the
business, right? So, we are looking at growing our online businesses pretty rapidly during
this year. So we will expand dark stores, we will grow our omni-channel platforms, we will
grow JioMart, also focus on improving in the operational metrics around availability, speed,
reliability, market by market, we are looking at expansion from a unit economics perspective,
each market, the unit economics, we need to have a clear path to positive unit economics.
So accordingly, we are evaluating each and every market and focusing our investments in
that manner. And what we believe is with the scale that will come in this year, the benefit of
that scale will convert into value in terms of margins and cash generation over the next two
years. Because as we are looking at acquiring high quality customers, as those customers
experience the proposition as the repeat rates go up, basket values grow over a period of
time. So that will help grow the overall business and help improve overall margins.
In addition to that, we will look at product mix, growing share of our own brands, increasing
monetization, increasing market-based income. So, we will use all these levers to improve
economics, which will start reflecting meaningfully in the numbers going forward over the
next two years.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

7

So, as I covered, 2027 is basically laying the foundation and scale the business with
discipline, right? So, while we will grow quite quickly, we will also look at the quality of
business, not just the volume. So the order density in each and every dark store, the repeat
rates, the fulfillment costs, the contribution margins, we look at all of these we have defined
targets for each of those metrics and we will evaluate how they go and wherever they do not
make sense we will cut that down so growth will be quite disciplined and what we believe is
as the benefit of density as the business of mix productivity improvements, better inventory
turns monetization kicks, in we will start seeing good return on capital on these investments
and EBITDA and cash generation would accelerate over the coming years. This year, as I
said, we will look at the four key pillars, right? Customers, are we getting the right customers?
How many of those customers are active? What the repeat rates are? What are the order
frequencies are? What is the level of experience? What is our NPS? What is the customer
trust? We will focus on those so that we are getting the right quality of customers. On the
commercial side, right? what is the basket size, the mix? What is the own brand contribution?
And finally, what is the delivered gross margin that we are getting? Operational excellence
in terms of ensuring availability, on time fulfillment, cost per order, returns cancellations, we
will look at in each of those thing being best in class. And finally, the financial contribution in
terms of contribution margin, working capital, and EBITDA. So, this year online growth, we
will focus on, but it will be quite measured. So, the growth will be funded from existing profits,
and the absolute numbers will grow. So that was just to give the foundation the framework of
how we are thinking about the business.
Now moving on to the update on the consumption baskets on the grocery side, big box stores,
we have 1000 plus big box stores, which are hypermarkets. And that is something we are
scaling quite quickly going forward as well. The LFL growth is quite healthy at 7%. So, we
are growing faster than what the industry is, and this is pure online, this is not big box growth,
because wherever we are serving online from these stores, the box growth is even higher.
Another interesting data point, when we look at omni-channel customers, we are getting
higher wallet share from them. Omni-channel customers, if I look at quarterly data, they have
spent 2.7 times more than what a pure offline customer is spending, right? So, there is clearly
incremental wallet share and value that I am able to capture. Also, when I look at the growth
of this, so an omni-channel customer, how they were spending earlier versus how they are
spending now, even on a Y-o-Y basis, the growth in spending is 20-25%. So, people are
spending more and people who are converting to online are effectively spending more and
over a period of time that is growing.
On the online digital commerce side, as I spoke about, orders are up 116% on a Y-o-Y basis.
The share of digital in grocery B2C is accelerating. So just for reference, it is almost doubled
over a Y-o-Y basis with the revenue scaling up. Plus, on the 3p side, the active seller base
is up 26%. We have the widest network covering 5500 pin codes and not just a grocery stores
and dark stores, even two-and-a-half thousand plus digital and fashion and lifestyle stores
are also live on the network. So, it is a true cross category play where we are able to deliver
grocery is less than 30 minutes, but even other categories less than two hours with a much
wider assortment than what a typical dark store would offer. We redesigned the JioMart app
and it went live during the quarter, and the feedback and reviews have been quite good. The
conversions have improved. When we see the hard data, the conversions are better on the

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

8

new app, the average order values are improving. So, there is good acceptance of the new
app from a customer perspective.
The focus, as I spoke about, is on improving the repeat rates, order density, reliability, in
optimizing the delivery cost and contribution margin per order, right? So, we will scale this
business aggressively, but with the right unit economics. And investments are concentrated
in micro markets where there's a clear path to positive unit economics. So, we will go market
by market and improve wherever it does not make sense, we will pull back down on that.
Moving on to B2B, pretty steady, healthy growth here again, 15% increase in average bill
value. Multiple category staples, DFB beverages all continue to show pretty strong traction.
We continue to attract new customers and engage customers. And the number of active
transacting customers, while we have 4 million customers on board, every quarter we
measure how many customers are active transacting with us and what is the average bill
values, both of them are on the right trend.
Moving on to the electronic side, as I spoke about the LFL growth is quite healthy at 16% on
a Y-o-Y basis for the big box stores. ResQ has grown on a 27% on a Y-o-Y basis. As most
of you would be aware, last quarter was a challenging quarter in terms of for electronics
because of the availability of memory capacity, a big chip shortage. But because of the brand
partnerships we had, and we were able to pick inventory early, we got their support. So, we
were able to mitigate the impact of global shortages, while other players had that impact,
which led to pretty strong performance in the business. Across categories, whether it is AC,
laptops, mobile, small appliances, we have done exceedingly well. We are also strengthening
our omni-channel integration with all the big box stores are now live on JioMart, where all the
entire grab and go assortment is available on the app and it gets delivered within two hours.
Moving to fashion and lifestyle, 4% LFL growth, Ajio Rush if you look at it, this is our quick
commerce offering within 2-4 hour delivery for fashion. The number of orders were up 136%
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. This is something that we launched 2-3 quarters back so there
is no full year track record, and the base was small, so we are reporting on a quarter-onquarter basis. Shein has crossed app installs of 30 million plus. In fact, we went from almost
11 million to 30 million during this quarter. So, there is significant acceleration happening
there. Our share of digital commerce in apparel and footwear is at 27.5%. It is almost up 5%
on a Y-o-Y basis. So, I think the theme is consistent where across channels, we are making
investments in growing online business and we are seeing pretty, pretty strong traction. Yes,
that is a quick update on the retail business. Now I will hand over to Ketan to cover the FMCG.

Sh Ketan Mody 00:32:32 - 00:37:12 (FMCG)
Good evening. This quarter, we delivered Rs. 8,600 Crores revenue on FMCG. This was
double the growth as compared to last year. On daily essentials, we clocked Rs.3,200 crores.
Independence has been recognized as India's most trusted brand in 2026-27. On beverages,
we delivered Rs. 2,900 Crores, which was more than 50% of our last year's revenue
numbers. We continue to get double-digit shares in all key markets. All other FMCG
categories also showed significant momentum. Home care, personal care, processed food,

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

9

confectionery, chocolates, everything had started giving us good growth and this is where
we feel a lot of growth would be coming during the next quarter. We continue our focus on
pan-India distribution. We have now more than 5,000 distributors, and we reach more than
3 million retail outlets. More than 80% of our sales is through external channels. And on
international, now we reach more than 40 markets.
As said on daily essentials, we were rated as one of the most trusted brands. We continue
our South India distribution momentum through the acquisitions, which we had done which
is on Manna and Udayam. Edible oil is a key category for us, and we have been seeing some
great traction on edible oil. We have now some dedicated facilities and we are also exploring
a facility in West Bengal. On the entire category, we grew 1.7 times the last quarter, last year.
On beverages, as I said, we are now the number three NARTD player in India. We continue
to have double-digit shares. We also continue to expand in markets. For the next quarter, we
plan to kind of enter into Australia and African markets. On average, this was almost twoand-a-half times growth of what we had in last quarter.
On FMCG businesses, all other categories, we have done scale-ups. So, for example, in
football, we participated through our Alan’s Chips, where we had dedicated packs for each
and every country which was participating. Similarly, on SIL side, we continue expanding our
portfolio. And now we have introduced mayo, Vermicelli was the last launch. We continue
scaling up our entire range on Velvette. We have entered Glimmer through which is one of
our other brands. We have been concentrating on soaps, personal care through this and we
have seen significant demand there and this quarter has been a very good momentum, and
we continue to concentrate on it. Similarly, biscuits, confectionary and all also show us a very
good traction.
On facilities and supply chain, we continue kind of setting up facilities at a robust pace. We
have set up one of the greenfield plants, which is one of the largest beverage plants in Asia.
We have commissioned it partially and should be completely ready. This is also an integrated
food park facility where for all other categories also the work has started. Like I said on edible
oil we are now working to set up a facility in West Bengal.
On advertising, we were the number one advertiser on linear TV during IPL. We had the
highest share of voice in 60 brands. I think we reached almost on 220 million mobile users,
34 million connected TV devices. We have also built the biggest mural in Chennai, which we
call it iconic city.
On updates, Sosyo which was a joint venture, now we have acquired a majority stake. We
have also completed operational transition on Toni & Guy, Brylcreem, Badedas and Matey,
this were the brands which we had acquired last year. The sales for this have been
commenced in UK and Europe and also Australia. We are preparing for India launch on this.
Also happy to say Goodness Group is where we had acquired last year. We have now
officially manufactured Campa CANS in Australia, and we will be doing a launch during this
end of this month. Thank you. I hand it over to Ishan now.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

10

Sh Ishan Chatterjee 00:37:20 – 00:42:54 (JioStar)
Good evening, everyone. I will walk you through our media business. This is a good quarter
for JioStar where we set new benchmarks on engagement in consumption. In this quarter,
we crossed over 530 million users on the platform and on IPL in particular, we crossed over
700 million people on the platform. As you can see the trend over the last four quarters, it is
upwards and into the right and we are very excited about the engagement that we have seen
across the both on sports and the entertainment portfolio. This is also an important quarter
for us to lay the foundations of future growth, so I wanted to call out a few initiatives. The first
is we launched Tadka which is our own in-house micro-content hub and in the short two
months since its launch in the first week of IPL, we saw over 100 million users engaged with
the content of the platform. The second is our deep integration with OpenAI and specifically
with ChatGPT, where we launched what we call conversational discovery on the platform.
So here we have changed the search functionality on the app to be much more
conversational, where now a user can talk to JioHotstar in their own native language,
irrespective of wherever they are in the country and whatever Indic language they speak.
And finally, we also have our own in-house AI media studio, which we call JAMS, and we
use JAMS to launch our first ever fully AI-generated micro-content, micro-drama that now
sits on Tadka. And we expect that this will allow us to launch much more high-quality content
scale across our short-form content.
I will spend just a couple of minutes on the highlights on sports and then on entertainment.
As you can see from the slide here, IPL 2026 turned out to be our biggest IPL ever in terms
of consumption. We saw 7% growth over IPL 2025 on overall reach and specifically on CTV,
we saw a 19% growth in overall consumption. That is very important for us as we see the
transition from TV to digital. The second big highlight for us is the Women's World Cup, which
just concluded recently in the UK. And this is an upward trajectory that we are seeing ever
since the women's team won the World Cup last year. It led to a much higher consumption
on WPL. And we are seeing the same trend continue on the Women's World Cup with triple
digit growth on both digital as well as CTV viewership. And we are very bullish about this as
we look ahead.
On the entertainment side, we saw fantastic engagement across multiple properties, and I
will just call out a few over here. The first is Dhurandhar 2 turned out to be the most watched
movie of all time on JioHotstar, and this was built on the back of the first Dhurandhar movie
that we had in the previous quarter. In terms of our unscripted shows, Laughter Chefs, which
we launched in a number of different languages, as you can see on the screen, saw strong
growth over the previous seasons. We also launched a spate of originals of which Pritam
and Pedro saw the highest ever opening for a Hindi Special and is on track to potentially
becoming the largest Special ever seen on JioHotstar. And we also launched movies in both
Tamil and Malayalam, which broke records for us on the platform.
In terms of the operational performance, there are a couple of other highlights that I wanted
to call out. On digital, we also launched our first ever foray into commerce along with a
partnership that we did with Swiggy. If any of you have not yet tried this, please try it tomorrow
when India will play England on the JioHotstar app. It allows you to complete an entire

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

11

transaction on the app itself without you ever leaving the content stream. So, this is
something that we saw a lot of take-up and a lot of positive feedback from both our partners
as well as from consumers. Now, on the sports business, I wanted to reiterate how big IPL
has been for us, and it remains the biggest acquisition funnel for the entire platform. And it is
something that we expect will continue to drive a lot of activation across our user bases.
Digital entertainment overall saw its watch time grow by 16%. And what is also critical is we
saw JioStar maintaining its very strong 34% share in linear TV.
Finally, very quickly on our overall financials. We closed the quarter with overall revenue of
Rs.10,946 Crores, and that is a 14% increase in overall revenue. And you will see that
translate to a 14% increase in our PBT as well. I wanted to call out the operational challenges
that the business faced in this quarter, specifically around the real-money gaming ban on
advertising that was part of our base in the last quarter, but we were not able to do that in
this quarter, as well as the US-Iran war in the Middle East, which had an adverse impact on
the overall ad market. But we saw strong growth in overall digital advertising, especially on
the entertainment side. And that is what was able to balance out the growth across our overall
business. With that, I will hand over to the Oil and Gas team.

Sh Srinivas Tuttagunta 00:43:09 - 00:59:18 (Refining & Marketing, Oil to Chemicals)
Good evening. I think the numbers have been exceptional. If you look at the revenue growth
by about 30% plus EBITDA 17% and then we have had the EBITDA margin of course a little
down. But we will just go through some of the reasons why it has been exceptional. Of course,
fuel cracks have been quite good, ethane also, my colleague will be speaking a little later on
that. I think crude prices have risen, but because of the production in the US, ethane has
been within a good range, which helped the economics. A lot of volatility and supply
disruptions, what we have seen. Refining capacity, both in the Middle East and Russia has
been affected, so all these were some advantages which resulted in good numbers.
But having said that, there were also headwinds and challenges. We had under-recoveries
on the domestic sales, also on our sales to PSUs. SAED has been a bit of a drag. What gets
missed, in the course of this presentation, I will be showing you what are the product margins,
which look like an astronomical growth or exponential growth, but it may not really reflect into
the profit because there are certain headwinds like crude flat price, which you see as a Brent
or Dubai and the margin, ultimately, which a refinery gets can be different because there are
huge premiums like some of the OSPs in the Middle East went as close to $20 a barrel.
Normally, we are familiar with a couple of dollars of premium, but we have seen a premium
as high as close to double digits. Then we also had the freight rate, which probably was a
10x against typically a dollar or so from the Middle East, we saw actually rise to 10 times that
price. Insurance costs also multiples was on a lower base, but still multiples that those are
the kinds of costs which have risen sharply. And therefore, you will find that the EBITDA
margin may be a little lower and may not reflect the cracks alone. So, I just thought there
could be a lot of questions around this. So, I just thought I will address that.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

12

And another thing is, of course, LPG was badly required in the country. All of you are familiar
with the difficulties faced. We consume about 3 million tonnes in the country, and 2 million
tonnes is imported roughly, give or take. And most of that 2 million ton comes from the Middle
East. And with the closure of SOH, suddenly that was not coming. So, all the domestic
refineries were asked to increase production. And we increased the production almost
fourfold from where we were producing in February. In March, we increased it and took it up
to almost fourfold. So that actually affected the petrochemical production as well as certain
high-grade gasoline components, which we produce and exports to the US. In fact, some of
you must have read that in California, there was a bit of high prices, and it was attributed also
to the lower availability of alkyl from India. So, these were certain headwinds which we faced.
Throughput wise, I think the rest of Asia had runs which were down by maybe 15% to 20%
during this crisis, whereas Reliance has been able to maintain a very high throughput, almost
96%, 97%. Because we had the shutdown, let us say we lost some capacity. But other than
that, we were almost close to 100. Just in April, we had some bit of an issue, but otherwise
we were able to operate the refinery throughout at close to 100%. Even the secondary units,
which are the big ones which give the margin, like the gasoline and diesel and all that, we
could run all our secondary units also at high throughputs. Alkyl, of course, I mentioned that
because of the higher LPG, which was required, there has been a reduced production. And
also on gas, you must be recalling that the government actually regulated the gas available
because they wanted to make it available to the city gas distribution and things like that. So,
we could actually maximize our gasifier throughput, which helped us reduce our reliance too
much on gas. Of course, we had to burn some of the fuels, but this helped us during this
period of tightness.
On the feedstock, what did we do when the SOH was closed? Obviously, we had to scout
around. We were agile and we could diversify our basket to Latin America and besides AG
crude. And then later in this period, we actually found that some of the AG crudes were
discounted, so we could also source some AG crudes gainfully. And in respect of petroleum
products also, because the cracks ran up significantly, we did take certain logistical
advantages because we chartered a lot of vessels. We could take advantage of that and
actually move the cargoes a bit to gain from the better margins that were available in the
market. We met all our contractual commitments. Having said that, wherever there was
flexibility, we moved to more advantageous markets. This is the price of Brent crude oil.
Between last quarter and current quarter, we are talking of an increase from $68 a barrel to
$104.5 average. Of course, there were days in between when the prices went significantly
higher than this because of the SOH closure.
Why exactly? What happened in the Middle East was besides crude also product, LPG got
affected and then also significant amount of naphtha comes from the SOH. All this got
suspended during the SOH closure. And also, most of the Middle East countries had to cut
their production because of the inability to evacuate the crude. Only a few countries like Saudi
Arabia, from Yanbu and then some crude from UAE, which is connected to the pipeline to
Fujairah, that could move out. And then Oman, of course, is outside the SOH, Strait of
Hormuz, so they could export. But otherwise, Middle East production almost came down by
about 12 million during this period. Of course, there was some production because they were

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

13

still consuming for their own requirement. Even refining capacity was down because products
could not be evacuated. Of course, the ceasefire announcement helped some improvement
in the traffic. We were thinking it is getting normal, but of course, all of you have read about
the recent hostilities again that have started because of which it is virtually closed. A few
ships may be slipping through, but by and large, the flow is affected. I mentioned about the
refining capacity utilization, it dropped everywhere but we could maintain a high throughput
level operating rate.
Oil demand as a consequence of the very high prices that we have seen particularly for
petroleum products, Asia-Pacific particularly took a brunt of these high prices. The impact
was more in this region, Africa, as well as Asia Pacific, where many countries actually did not
do their normal buying. Of course, India was isolated from this. So, we saw our demand
reasonably strong, whereas other countries actually scaled down their imports. And that is
why the demand has actually declined. If the prices remain like this, of course, we will have
to see how it goes. But the projection is for demand to be a little lower during the current
year, but rebound next year once things stabilize. So, gasoline dropped by about half-amillion barrels a day, diesel by about close to a million barrels per day and jet kero by 0.15.
Now, looking at the cracks, of course, I mentioned that the cracks went up significantly from
$10 for petrol, which we saw in Q1FY26, up to $26 in the current quarter that has just passed
by and gas oil from $16 to $63 and ATF from $14 to $62. I was mentioning in the very first
slide that, this could reflect as the margin should have been higher or the profitability should
have been higher. But I told you that there were challenges also on the crude oil, freight and
other reasons. Domestic oil demand was reasonably healthy, we have seen from 10.8 it has
gone to 11.4 again for petrol and for diesel from 25 to 25.7 and ATF from being more or less
stable at about 2.3. And two products which really saw reduction were LPG and naphtha.
This is because LPG was managed, the demand was managed because all the consumers
were asked to move to other alternative fuels, either electric induction or some other
possibilities, and then more and more of piped natural gas. So, this was the emphasis.
And then many of the commercial establishments were restricted from use. There was
rationing. All these things actually caused the LPG to go down. naphtha also, because many
of the petrochemical units and all also were affected because of lack of feedstock. This
caused the overall demand in the country to go down. But if you look at the fuels particularly,
In India, it has been robust because we have been insulated from the price rise. So, MS
growth because of car sales have been growing pretty strong. So that has helped in the petrol
growing. Diesel, of course, we have the one is of course, mining, railway, the construction
industry and agricultural demand also. Actually, the monsoon was slightly delayed. Maybe
we will see the impact a little later in June. We have had deficit. So, there is some pickup in
the demand for diesel. ATF, of course, there were a lot of flight cancellations. So, it has been
flat.
So RBML, they had to weather the impact of this SOH closure and the prices at the retail
level were not increased so that did cause some pain. Things are looking up, and they are
much better now.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

14

And if you look at the market share effectiveness, our retail outlets are new format, and we
try to have a lot of efficiency built in. So, our effectiveness as compared to the competition
for petrol is about 1.7 times. So, we do on the same outlet, we are better than the competition
by 1.7 times and same way for diesel, almost 2 .4. Those are the kinds of effectiveness that
we have. So, with lower number of retail outlets, we are able to do better. Outlets itself is
about 2,221. As compared to the last year, it is almost more than 230 to 240 outlets higher.
Charge points, CBG, CNG stations, and convenience stores, that is something which we are
continuously building on. And also, on e-mobility, CBG and CNG, we are continuing to build.
Of course, this is on a low base, so the numbers of 52% growth and 68% growth are pretty
impressive. But yes, we are working on all these fronts.
Going forward, how does it look like? We have of course seen a gradual increase in the SOH
but probably over the last few days, things have dramatically changed. So, we will have to
wait and see how this pans out. But what we notice is some of the producers inside the Gulf,
because they have been affected for so long, are willing to take some risks and bring the
vessels out. So, we are keeping a watch on this. We will monitor and see how to effectively
source oil. I talked about the oil demand. Definitely many countries have reduced their
imports and therefore the demand is down. But a rebound is expected next year. Another
important factor is if you look at why the crude prices did not go up despite the SOH closure
and 12 million barrels, like out of 100 million barrels of production, 12 million barrels not being
available, even for a short period of time, would have caused the price to definitely spike and
remain at above 100 for a long, long time. That is what history has shown us, but almost 5
million barrels of that has actually come into the market through releases by particularly the
IEA countries and China has been notably absent from importing oil during this crisis. They
have returned in a small way, but they have been absent. So that also actually helped the
prices remain low, as in when the countries begin to import and replenish their stocks, we
may actually see support for the prices going forward. And of course, refinery margins, we
believe can be robust because if you look at the Middle East, there is definitely loss of
capacity in Kuwait and Bahrain. Most of the refineries are badly affected. Then in Qatar, gas
is affected. It will not come back soon, which impacts the diesel market and therefore the
refining margin. But importantly, Russia has lost more than 40% of its capacity and what we
find is that the Ukrainian ability to penetrate deep into Russia and take out refineries almost
at will, okay, is causing a lot of pain in the market in terms of supply and demand. And Russia
has already banned the export of gasoline and jet some time back. More recently, they have
also banned the export of diesel. So that shows the seriousness of the thing. And 40% of
Russian capacity is not small. It is several million barrels. They are the third largest refiner in
the entire world. And they have lost significant capacity. So, all these point towards
reasonably strong cracks in our view, and that is what the market suggests.
And what we will be working on is of course, high asset utilization, that is what we would like
to do, ensure that the refineries are operating reliably. And then the trading teams will be
agile to source the oil under all different circumstances, whatever it may be there, go out
anywhere and get the oil so that we operate the refineries fully. And we have a pretty
integrated chain so how exactly we would like to you know, meet the requirement. Already
we are started to increase our petchem production. So, all this we will do and we believe

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

15

these are the steps we will take to navigate this difficult, challenging, but and volatile market.
Yeah, Amit.

Sh Amit Chaturvedi 00:59:36 – 01:06:38 (Petrochemicals, Oil to Chemicals)
Thanks Srini. So, last quarter was an absolute roller coaster quarter. The volatility in prices
of raw materials was absolutely phenomenal and that also led to the volatility in the prices of
products as well. I mean crude oil prices changing 5% to 10% in a day was completely
unheard of and that was happening so regularly during this quarter that it became the
operations really, really difficult and challenging. While the naphtha went up 61%, $903,
during the quarter it even crossed $1000 a ton and even at that reported price, there were
significant premiums of almost like $100 a ton and the availability was still a constraint and
add to that significantly higher freight rates. The cost of making ethylene from naphtha shot
up like anything. That resulted in lot of capacities going under operating in the whole of region
within the country also. Add to this the LPG control order that also restricted the availability
of LPG as feed for ethylene. And finally, availability of natural gas also was restricted severely
as gas from Qatar got blocked because of the Hormuz blockage which meant that couple of
capacities which were being where natural gas was being used as a feed for ethylene also
got impacted badly. The situation in US was different because the oil prices were high, their
oil production was high, their associated gas production was high, and the ethane prices
therefore were softer.
Polyethylene typically in our markets all the supplies from Middle East were blocked, biggest
sources of polyethylene and that resulted in prices and deltas with naphtha shooting up
sharply. PP also, the prices were very firm, although like deltas were up only 3%. PVC was
a completely different story. China has a huge capacity of PVC which is coal based and they
upped the operating rates of those PVCs. plants, which meant that availability of EDC
remained in plenty whereas, the availability of EDC mainly from Middle East sources was
hampered because of the Hormuz blockage and therefore, the delta of PVC was actually
lower by 10%. Polyester chain PT and Paraxylene operations were hampered in the biggest
region which is China. The simple reason was the availability of crude was restricted, and
the priority was being given to fuels. So, the deltas for polyester chain went up despite sharp
decline in the MEG delta. Ethane has always been an evergreen feed and in this particular
quarter, it got even more highlighted. The naphtha cracking margins have been weak for last
couple of years. This year, this quarter was no different, but the delta of ethane and naphtha
cracking was phenomenally higher, if you see the last part of the data. And for us, almost like
70% of the ethylene, the feed is ethane. We were significantly in an advantaged position for
the business.
The demand of products was impacted badly because of multiple reasons. One reason, of
course, primary reason was the prices were high. Number two, the availability was restricted.
All the supplies from Middle East were severely hampered. Three, even the consumption
was hampered because LPG supplies were not there, natural gas supplies to industry were
also curtailed. So, all in all polymer demand was down 22% and as I mentioned earlier for
the reasons PVC was least affected and polyethylene was the highest affected product out

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

16

of the three. Polyester side also the demand was impacted filament and staple. Here there
was one more factor which was like the LPG availability also meant that the food supplies to
a lot of casual labor which work in the polyester downstream industry in the spinning area
was impacted and there was a kind of a mini exodus of that labor from main producing areas
like Surat, etc., to their villages. Also, the gas supplies again in this area was also restricted
which meant that the operating rates in the downstream were curtailed and that resulted in
low demand for staple and filament.
Coming to the situation now, we see that the FTAs, especially the UK FTA which has been
signed recently, we expect that it will give a fillip to the textile and the polyester export
opportunities. There are new capacities of crackers in China, which are expected to come,
although like they have got slightly delayed of late, but they will definitely keep the pressure
on the operating rates up. For us, I mean our advantage ethane remains a big advantage
that gives us a significant fillip in terms of the cost position. Our effort will all be there to keep
our operating rates high. We have talked about this earlier in this interactions that we had
ordered three new ships for ethane. We have already got delivery of first of them as we are
talking it is reaching the US ports to get loaded and by next month we should be getting it.
So that will, the delivery and the subsequent two ships are also likely to get delivered in next
couple of months. And what this will mean is that our competitiveness with respect to naphtha
cracking will further increase. We had got impacted earlier, I had talked about it in earlier
interactions that because of the Suez blockage, our ships were going through Cape of Good
Hope and that had partly reduced the availability of ethane for us, which will get compensated
with this change. So disciplined operations and optimization of feedstock is going to be our
strategy going forward. Thank you.

Sh Sanjay Barman Roy 01:06:47 – 01:12:12 (Exploration & Production)
Good evening, everyone. Just as a recap of the quarter gone by. So, revenues were higher
by almost 3.2% year-on-year. And mainly, we have been trying to offset the natural decline
in KGD6. But we have seen higher price realization from condensate, nearly $107 per barrel,
so that has been a big driver. And secondly, we have seen better performance in the CBM
campaign to wells. So now we have crossed 1 million standard cubic meters of gas. So, this
is a turnaround story in CBM that we are seeing. That is encouraging us to do more
campaigns as we go along. In KGD6, whilst there is a natural decline, it is lower than what
we had expected. So, we have a plan to offset this natural decline, which I will talk about
shortly. In terms of price realization, yes, the ceiling price is lower by almost $1.14. And that
is what is capping off the upside compared to the elevated prices that we are currently seeing.
However, we do expect, because of the elevated prices of energy and commodities all
around, we expect in the second half the prices to go up, reflecting the elevated prices that
we are currently seeing. CBM obviously benefits by not having a price ceiling, so we
obviously have realized a lot better in CBM. On the production, as you can see, there is a
steady decline, but two things are going to happen. One is we are getting a rig next month.
We are looking at some initial exploration activities in the KG Basin to accrete reserves, but
thereafter, we have a multi-year, multi-well campaign essentially to set off the natural decline.
There are some additional opportunities we are seeing within the existing fields, and we are

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

17

ensuring that the rig is there to undertake those wells. In CBM, again, like I said, we will
continue with the multilateral program, the 40-well program, and this we expect to undertake
in both the blocks with time to come.
In terms of gas prices, yes, we have seen gas prices, when the war was underway, being
much higher because of the stranded volumes in the Strait of Hormuz. When the ceasefire
happened, it eased off, and we saw prices come down. But again, it is still much higher than
the pre-war levels. And with what we are seeing now, the likelihood is, as long as this
escalation remains, prices will continue to remain elevated. So how does that position us in
CBM? Yes, we can get better price realization. In KGD6, we have a ceiling price, but again,
the ceiling price is expected to go up by at least a dollar. That is our expectations based on
the calculations from what we are seeing in the first half. So, in the second half, we should
see at least a dollar upside from here. If you go back about 6 to 12 months back, we were all
worried about the possibility of the glut. I think what has happened as a consequence of the
events that have unfolded, that effect has been to some extent offset by the current
escalations that are there. In India, obviously, the consumption mirrored the supply. To that
extent, year-on-year, 10% lower. But again, India has had ways of looking at sourcing the
gas through other destinations besides what was coming from Middle East earlier to manage
that, we are looking at North American supplies from Nigeria, Oman, and so on.
In terms of the policy circular that had been issued by the government for prioritizing the gas
from, the PSC blocks, which is essentially to CGD and to fertilizers and so on. That has been
rolled back. And again, we have to see how things shape up, but it does not affect the price
realization as far as we are concerned. Anyways, we are maximizing on, in terms of the
contracts we have, we are maximizing the value based on the ceiling price. As such, like I
mentioned, currently the ceiling price is $8.9, which is almost $1.14 lower than what it was
the previous half. But again, we expect this to trend upwards and go towards $9.9 in the
second half. That is the outlook. So, thank you.

Sh Karan Suri 01:12:26 – 01:19:45 (New Energy)
Good evening, everyone. This last quarter has been, from our perspective, about the
disciplined execution at scale. Across our various projects, renewable generation projects,
manufacturing, and green fuels, multiple programs are progressing at rapid speed and in
parallel. First on downstream, we already executed the large green ammonia contract with
Samsung C&T which demonstrates the commercial traction of our ecosystem. And we
continue being in discussions with various strategic partners to tie up our balance capacity.
Getting to Kutch Renewable Ecosystem, which is probably one of the largest globally, we
continue to progress well. The execution on the ground, the engineering is progressing well.
The project development continues to progress. We expect to start installation after the
monsoons in Kutch. And as the transmission network gets ready, we will start supplying
power from Kutch this year. We continue to keep preparing for execution at scale, which we
have announced at 55 MWp of solar PV per day and 150 MWh of battery installations per
day at the peak capacity. All of this round-the-clock power ultimately comes to Jamnagar to
feed our refinery, our new energy projects, data center, which is again scaling up at speed.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

18

We provide the green power for that, as well as the entire green fuel complex that we are
building in Jamnagar. Additionally, and along with the Kutch, we also started executing our
generation assets at multiple locations across the country for captive as well as C&I
requirements. Coming back to Jamnagar and the Green Energy Giga Complex, we continue
to make good progress. Already achieved a production of around 1 gigawatt peak of solar
modules along with our solar cells, all ALMM certified. And we are on track, and I have got a
few pictures to also demonstrate that, to achieve 20-gigawatt annual capacity for our solar
PV manufacturing in an integrated fashion. Our battery manufacturing is also progressing
well. We will achieve 40-gigawatt hour capacity this year and we have announced the scaleup through our AGM up to 120-gigawatt hour capacity which effectively positions us one of
the largest globally when it comes to energy storage capacity. Across what differentiates
Reliance is effectively this integration across the value chain coupled with our world-class
engineering and our manufacturing excellence. And this integrated platform positions us to
be one of the lowest cost electricity and energy producers globally and serving India's
requirements as well as export and also providing our self-sufficiency in energy for India.
A few quarters back, I presented an aerial view of Jamnagar site. I am just repeating it here
to demonstrate what we are building in Jamnagar, which to be frank is very few companies
globally can even aim for. What is demonstrated on the picture is not an individual factory or
a building, but effectively a fully integrated manufacturing ecosystem for solar PV
manufacturing from polysilicon to wafers, to cell, to modules, to glass, all at a single location.
What it delivers is effectively the lowest cost across logistics, supply chain efficiency,
inventory management, material traceability, quality management, and lowest cost of the
production. There is no other site in the world which can command or claim for similar
integration across the value chain at scale what we are being able to deliver.
Starting with our wafer pilot plant which is fully executed and now we have moved to
gigascale manufacturing and commissioning in the next few quarters, few slides or few
pictures on the slide from ingot puller to fully grown ingot in our pilot plant. Polysilicon, which
is effectively the most critical part of the entire solar value chain and where we continue to
progress well in our construction and now are nearing towards the completion of the
construction and handover of the facilities for startup activities and commissioning.
Solar cell, we have already announced that we have commissioned a few lines of solar cell
and continue to expand that capacity each quarter. This is one of the most technologically
advanced solar cell manufacturing in the world with HJT technology, but more importantly,
the level of automation, the level of integration is unparalleled, delivering effectively the
highest quality solar cell with the highest efficiency and the utility scale size. Again, a few
pictures on the solar cell. Solar PV module, again, we have already announced. We have
walked you through various demonstrated pictures, including through our AGM
presentations. A few additional pictures here. Again, PV module continues to be one of the
most automated module manufacturing at this scale in the world. The last few pictures I want
to leave you is with the battery gigafactory. We already had shown you the progress on the
container and demonstrated the progress on the ground. But on the right side, you are also
looking at the battery cell manufacturing. Just to make a note, this battery cell manufacturing
has a capacity of around 40-gigawatt hour. And what you see on the slide is a 400-meter

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

19

width and nearly one kilometer of length of this battery cell. We are going to commission it
this year. These are effectively the slides I wanted to present on the New Energy which
effectively over the last few quarters our focus has moved from strategy to tangible execution,
demonstrated progress on the ground at scale across our integrated portfolio of renewable
generation assets, manufacturing and green fuels. Our focus is now towards achieving
integration at scale and cost leadership, which is what we continue to drive towards. Thank
you.
Q&A Session (01:19:48 – 01:51:20)
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs)
A couple of questions on telecom and one on retail. On telecom Anshuman, digital services,
revenue growth of 20% in your opinion are you happy with that growth run rate given just the
base of that business, your connectivity business until like a few quarters ago was growing
at high teens to 20% despite a much larger base and digital services coming off a low base
is already a 20% growth do you see possibility of this growth accelerating in the foreseeable
future and if so, what could drive that acceleration? From a margin profile perspective, today
that piece operates at a lower margin compared to your connectivity business as that
business scales up do you think there is room for margins to converge to your connectivity
business for that business and how do you see that? That is the question please.
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
So I will be a bit careful in answering that because we are in the process and I do not want
to give any forward looking kind of statements but firstly, yes, that growth number is
increasing so there is scope for far more monetization of the digital services and the point I
was making was it is higher than connectivity and it is growing, but there is scope for a lot
more there, of course, because of all the products and technologies that we have developed
and the margin also is a function really of the revenue itself. As the revenue grows, the
operating leverage and something like that where you have got a team sitting and making IP
that cost will get, with revenues growing that cost does not go up, in fact, normally tech
services and products would have much higher margin than connectivity, but for now we are
investing in those and the margin is therefore still low or lower than connectivity, it should
pick up and just to, going back to your question about high teen growth in the connectivity,
yes, whenever the tariff increases and the flow on impact of that, it happens that way, but
otherwise it is regular, without a tariff increase you have seen the growth trends over the last
few quarters.
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs)
Thank you. My second question on the ARPU number for the quarter. On a quarter-onquarter basis, we have seen about a percent or less than a percent growth this is despite mix
improving in the favor of fixed broadband, an extra day in the quarter, wireless probably
seeing data consumption increase and despite that, if the ARPU growth is less than a percent

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

20

quarter, which means underlying ARPU is actually under pressure what explains that? Why
would ARPU underlying not be improving despite all these positive tailwinds?
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
The underlying ARPU is not under pressure. We are still in the ARPU mix improving, if you
are referring to homes, etc. as you would have seen. We are promoting that service.
Therefore, the ARPU is not necessarily higher there than mobility. So that is one impact that
we see. Otherwise, I have spoken in the past as well, on a purely organic basis without tariff
action, we have been having a 4-5% ARPU improvement and seen happening practically on
the ground. So, it is not because of any pressure in the ARPU. We are more or less in the
similar trend, except that we have some of the promotional offers going on in the Homes
business at this point in time.
Questioner (Manish Adukia, Goldman Sachs)
Thank you. My last question to maybe Dinesh on Quick Commerce, this presentation you
certainly spent quite a bit of time on digital commerce. In terms of JioMart in particular, given
just the investments you have called out in dark stores, one how long do you expect these
investments to continue and how would you measure success in this business? In your
opinion, like what would you let us say two to three years now you of course called out would
be overall retail business EBITDA doubling, but beyond that, specifically in the quick
commerce business, what are the kind of targets, if any, you are looking at and in the context
of high competitive intensity in that space, if you can again maybe remind us of one or two
places where you are differentiated versus your competition or what could help you do better
in terms of profitability or growth versus competition?
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja)
Sure, so I think without getting into specific numbers, we will continue our expansion of our
dark store network. At least next 12 months, I think in the next nine to 10 months it will
continue. We are focusing on expanding the network going deeper into the markets so that
investment will happen. The fixed cost investment is not very high, but when you go capex
is not very high, but when you go you set up a dark store, you add the fixed cost and then
the order ramp up, etc., happens over a period of time, right, but as I said, we will be quite
disciplined. We are taking a view on which markets it makes sense where there is enough
demand markets already. So, we are going that way and we will be quite disciplined about it
where our assumptions on the profitability do not hold up, we will scale back from those
markets. So, we will go in a quite a disciplined manner, just not chase volume growth or some
vanity metric on number of orders. That is something we will not do, but what we have said
is we are consciously making investments in that business, which is showing up short term
pressure on margins. Absolute numbers will increase as I have outlined, the percentages for
the short term could come down, because we are investing in that business and there is a
cost to serve, which is over and above that. Your next question about what is our advantage?
So, I think there are two or three things which differentiate us, right? One is we have a lot of
customer data and within retail itself, we do understand what the customers, who the

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

21

customers are, where they are, what their behavior is, because we have transaction data
over the last 20 years, almost 400 million customers are part of our loyalty program, right?
So that is our big differentiator. Understanding of the right assortment what sells right there
is a bit of science in that. We do have again a lot of data. We do have a very strong process
to understand when we go to a new market, what kind of assortment says there right. There
are some differences between quick commerce and stores in terms of the way purchasing
behavior people have, so we are appreciating that, and we are learning that, but I think there
is a big advantage in terms of knowledge base that we have built. We are present in over a
thousand markets in grocery, so that is, I think, second. Third is we are able to leverage our
existing infrastructure as well, which is a big advantage to us. While new dark store it is an
added cost, but when I open a dark store within a store, that is not incremental cost for me.
The fourth part I would say is because supplier relationships that we have and the scale that
we have that gives us better margin right so that is again another advantage I do know for a
fact. Our terms of trade are significantly better than so for other peers, so that is something
that again provides a competitive advantage where I can give a very good price to the
customer while still maintaining my margin so I would say these are three or four things,
which will help us differentiate ourselves.
Questioner (Vivekanand S, Ambit)
I am Vivekanand from Ambit. Two questions. So, one is on retail. Dinesh, the guidance that
you shared on 2x EBITDA over the next three years, how confident are you and what are the
intermediate checkpoints for the next three-year journey that you look at given your
investment appetite to ramp up online commerce? That is my first question.
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja)
Sure. It is a target that we are taking that is our ambition we would not be putting it out unless
we were confident about it. We feel reasonably confident. Yes, it is a stretch, but we feel
confident that we should be able to achieve that. The milestones as I said right revenue
growth this year the share of online will grow right a lot of growth because there is a natural
limitation to how much you can grow your offline revenues right and in today's world you do
not need to necessarily set up a lot of stores everywhere to serve the customer. You have a
few stores and then you can supply to the customers at their home right. So, revenue growth
will come, and scale comes up by definition operating leverage will come right. That should
lead to incremental positive EBITDA right. As far as our absolute EBITDA is going up, we are
happy and that is why if you look at it, we have not put any margin target. What we are saying
is we are looking to double our absolute EBITDA number.
Questioner (Vivekanand S, Ambit)
Right thanks. The second one is for Anshuman. So, Anshuman, can you help us understand
how you look at the platform services revenue? Is it by the kind of sector they are from or
large versus small corporate? Is it retail versus let us say B2C versus B2B? How do you look
at the platform revenue internally when you target mining customers and on a related note

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

22

do you have some sort of an order book here? Is there a gestation period for this revenue to
come to you and what is the decision-making cycle like? Thanks.
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
Look, I am going to be generic here. We have different products and services for different
customer segments, enterprises, B2C, even within that industry verticals. In the past we have
spoken about industry vertical and vertical based offerings that we have got. So, the teams
are made for those products and services and verticals in whichever is the best manner for
those products and services to be taken to market and that is the way we really review it as
well. So, there are teams which are focusing on different aspects about the product. Of
course, we have targets, we have plans, and we then monitor against those. I do not think I
will be able to say anything more beyond given this period.
Questioner (Vivekanand S, Ambit)
Sure. Thank you very much and all the best.
Questioner (Balaji Subramanian, IIFL)
Balaji from IIFL. Anshuman, I have two questions. So, one is on this 1600 LEO satellites that
you intend to launch over a period of time. If my memory serves me right, maybe a few
months back your stance was that satellite would be more of a complementary technology,
especially in India where broadband prices are cheap and the coverage is ubiquitous, so,
what has really changed in this time? The other one would be what would be the kind of
investments that you are looking at in the next five to 10 years on these satellite rollouts and
how would you plan to monetize those?
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
So, I will only answer the first one. Complementary technologies also need to be focused on,
and we have to work on every technology that is available and we will invest when the
economics is proven. How much we will invest, what the outlook is, etc., again, not possible
to speak about at this point in time. You have seen the facts. We have kind of the application,
and we have spoken about that a little bit in the DRHP. Beyond that, at this point, I do not
think we should be talking.
Questioner (Balaji Subramanian, IIFL)
This would entail serving global customers as well, right because satellite is something which
is not, I know, you cannot tie it down to a particular country.
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
You guys know the business as well as most people do if not better. Yes, so if it is a Leo
Constellation, you have to figure out the geographical spread as well.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

23

Questioner (Balaji Subramanian, IIFL)
Thanks.
Questioner (Aditya Suresh, Macquarie)
Aditya Suresh from Macquarie. Anshuman, you are the man of the moment, so two questions
for you again. First is on the prospectus. You speak about the large potential of the overseas
markets. Whilst acknowledging the large potential, maybe if you can speak about, like, how
should we think about what is addressable over the next two years? Whether it be FWA, you
are taking your JioBharat overseas, UBR, whatever it is, right? Whatever you can comment
on the addressable opportunity in the near term, that will be fantastic. Second is, can you
maybe comment about the leadership changes in Jio, which have come through and third
was on the Meta partnership, how is that progressing?
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
So, on the first one, really, we cannot say anything beyond what is written in the DRHP. We
have spoken of products and services which we think can be taken to other markets. There
is some bits of the addressable market covered in the industry expert report, beyond that I
do not think we can comment at this point in time. On the second question around
management changes, right? Routine in nature. You all have seen Pankaj Pawar being
involved with Jio pretty much from day one, in fact, even before that and he has been running
the connectivity business and a fair chunk even of the digital services businesses and those
are being monetized a lot more now and those are going to the market. So, it was kind of
natural and KT is focusing on the intelligence. He is leading the intelligence AI initiatives for
the group. So, it was just kind of logical and now is a good time because we had to frame the
whole org. So, you should not read too much into it. Pankaj has been driving the telecom
business and also the monetization of the digital services business for a while now and you
all have seen him in action for several years. He has been the MD of RJIL and the connectivity
business for a fair bit of time and he was on the board of JPL as well and on the third one,
the Meta partnership, the partnership, we are doing lots of things with them, and we always
keep on doing. We try to explore areas where we can work together. The recent one that we
announced that is not from Jio, that is actually from Reliance and the intelligence business
of Reliance is the development of a data center, 168-megawatt data center in Jamnagar,
where we as a group would be providing end-to-end services. So that is not only just building
the data center building, but managing end-to-end and providing network, power,
connectivity, and managed services completely end-to-end. So we are very excited about
that project and in fact, we think that is a big opportunity for not only for us, for the country
and it will get scaled up a lot more and there will be benefits for all of our various businesses
and there will be benefits for Meta as well, for the first time diversifying in a big way away
from, not away, US is their priority, but looking at a different market to develop this kind of
critical infrastructure.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

24

Questioner (Puneet Gulati, HSBC)
Hi, this is Puneet from HSBC. Thanks, just continuing on the Meta part. When do you think
the first 168 megawatt is likely to come up and will you do it out of your own balance sheet,
or are you looking for partners there?
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
A little early to answer the second part. We are doing it on our own balance sheet, and it is
part of the intelligence business, and we will figure out that whole business will also evolve.
We believe it is going to be fairly large. We have the balance sheet capacity at this point in
time with the group to fund it, but we will see how it really evolves. There is a clear timeline
for the commissioning of that project. It is commercially sensitive, therefore I am not going to
speak about it, but it is much faster than what traditionally data centers have taken in India,
and we have a clear plan between Meta and us to be able to deliver it in that time period.
Questioner (Puneet Gulati, HSBC)
This entire 168 coming all at one shot, it is not in more detail?
Company Speaker (Anshuman Thakur)
That will come in all in one shot, yes.
Questioner (Puneet Gulati, HSBC)
Secondly, if you can also talk about the capex plan for the year, you have done about
Rs.39,000 Crores in the first quarter how should we think about the full year capex plan and
some direction into where it is incrementally going in the business?
Company Speaker (V Srikanth)
I think I have stayed away from commenting very specifically on capex, but generally what is
our overall framework in terms of what is the EBITDA to debt and all those ratios. So, that is
one aspect of it, and you could recall, I have always also highlighted, we look at our
international credit ratings, where we stand with S&P and Moody's and so on. So, we have
all these factors and therefore, everything that we do from capex, etc., is all looked through
this prism of rankings and ratings. So, what that means is that it gives you can call it flexibility,
you can say that we have a way in which you can face programs, face capex and to your
questions maybe even evaluate partners at the appropriate time. So, a lot more of options
absolutely available across these projects. So yes stopping short of saying what is exactly
the set of numbers that we will do but you also know broadly how the larger Capex in Jio,
etc., have scaled down, you know what we talked about in the context of retail, yes, specific
to hyper local one but as Dinesh explained, the investment is more in the nature of trading
off EBITDA or EBITDA margins rather than a very specific physical capital. So, yes, long
winded answer, but it is just to lay the context.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

25

Questioner (Puneet Gulati, HSBC)
Thank you and lastly on the consumer piece, you talked about there was also an expectation
of a much higher growth rate on the revenue side, are you satisfied with what you are doing
right now or is there something else that you need to do and also in the same business, both
the retail part actually?
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja)
So, see revenue growth in the context of the market, if you look at this quarter, it is healthy
double digits, all the consumption baskets are doing well, that is a good thing. So, I think, as
we are looking up at scaling up of digital commerce, right, that can be scaled
disproportionate, it is not limited. Setting up stores takes time physically, right, you have to
set up each and every store. Online can be scaled up much faster, so, as the share of online
grows, one would expect revenue growth to accelerate from where it is today.
Questioner (Puneet Gulati, HSBC)
Thank you so much.
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Hi, Sir. This is Prabal here from ISEC. Three questions. Firstly, on the energy front, in terms
of the refining business, is it possible to quantify how the LPG to propylene mix has sort of
moved in the sense that how much has our LPG yield improved if we look at the quarterly
run rate and how much is propylene volumes probably fallen, even if you can get a rough
range for the last couple of quarters?
Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi)
Are you asking how much propylene was dumped into LPG, is that the question?
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Roughly yes, I mean if we can get a sense.
Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi)
Actually, it is a very complicated answer because there was some propylene which got
directly dumped into the LPG and there was some propane which got dumped into LPG and
that propane would have also generated some ethylene and some propylene when it was
going to ROGC. So, it is a complicated answer and difficult to put a number on to it, but it
was substantial and despite that limitations of feedstock in our system, we were able to
perform much better financially because our cost of cracking, cracked ethylene and
propylene versus the market price, the delta had opened up substantially because the pricing

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

26

of the polymers was actually linked to the naphtha and our cost structure remained where it
was.
Company Speaker (V Shrikanth)
Just say that. So, we were following a government order in terms of what it is, and I think the
easiest way for me to highlight is you can also see the production meant for sale and you
can see the component of how much of the polymer production has got impacted. That is
probably the nearest we can come in terms of quantifying.
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Got it, Sir. That brings me to the second question, what you just mentioned about ethylene
tracking advantage. So, typically, and I am sorry if you have already covered this in the
presentation, what is the kind of mix today we are at in terms of ethylene, naphtha, and
ROGC, if one were to look at it in terms of percentage?
Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi)
So, ethane and ROGC put together constitutes about 70% of ethylene.
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Got it and Sir, with the additional ethane that we are tying up in terms of the additional VLECs,
is that mix going to move even more towards ethane and ROGC if these pricing trends, let
us say continue?
Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi)
Yes, a little more.
Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Got it and the third question was just on retail, Sir. Is it possible to quantify roughly the orders
that we are getting on from the digital hyper local segment compared to let us say competitors
or a range that you want to mention?
Company Speaker (Dinesh Taluja)
See, we do not disclose the number of orders. I guess what we disclose is how we are going
on a year-on-year basis and the growth continues to be healthy. If you look at over the last
several quarters now, I guess three to four quarters at least we have maintained 100% plus
growth in the number of orders.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

27

Questioner (Probal Sen, ICICI Securities)
Got it Sir. Thank you very much.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
So, just wanted to decompose the O2C performance to understand how the trajectory would
be say now for this quarter. So, is it fair to say that crude availability challenge is lesser right
now, number one. Number two, there would be some kind of impact due to inventory losses
last quarter because of rather dramatic move down in crude price towards the end of the
quarter, so, that pressure will be lesser this time and finally, on the ethane part, because of
the increase in days of voyage due to the change in route, how much were you finally
importing instead of the one and a half million tonnes I think that was the original contract,
right and what would you start doing it now once you have these ships?
Company Speaker (Srinivas Tuttagunta)
Regarding crude and inventory valuation, what you mentioned. See, there is too much of a
hypothesis in this. If you ask me what will be the availability, normally crude is purchased
maybe 45 to 50 days in advance. So immediately it is not a concern. If you ask me beyond
that, I really do not know. I can give you some answer, but no one can say with any degree
of confidence how this is moving. What we are tasked is get the crude somehow, which we
will be working towards. Valuation also, a few days back what was the price and today it is
$85 plus, and it is 70 plus. I am sorry, but it is too hypothetical for me to really give an answer
on what is likely to happen in future and things like that.
Company Speaker (V. Srikanth)
May be to add, I guess a week back if you had said crude availability is going to be very easy,
the answer would have been.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
No, no, I am saying that it was very challenging last quarter.
Company Speaker (V. Srikanth)
Till things improved and therefore till last week, if the conversation was, one would have said,
yes, but now back to where it is. So, the challenges can be as much as what we saw in the
first quarter, but as we have seen the toughest time in terms of being able to access and get
that kind of crude from all over the world. The team is very confident of being able to handle
all of this volatility.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

28

Company Speaker (Amit Chaturvedi)
So, our original volume that we had designed the system was for about 1.6 million tonnes
and because of Suez getting blocked, we were short by about 7% to 8% kind of number and
with new ships coming in, we will not only catch up that, but we will go beyond that and with
all the three ships are there we will be substantially higher than that number.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
Maybe Srikanth what I was trying to get onto with some of these pressure points getting
highlighted that, of course, it depends on how worse the situation becomes and whether it
improves, etc., but the current run rate of profitability for this particular month so far would be
far better than where the last quarter was, is that a fair understanding? I know the current
unrelated may not represent anything because it might change by the weekend?
Company Speaker (V Srikanth)
That is a very sophisticated way of asking that question. Overall, I do not think even assuming
one word to answer that, that will give us any more clarity and confidence about how the
quarter can look. Everything is based on assumption. Yes, plus there is so many other things
as what we talked about in the context of some of these measures on upstream was
removed, but we do not know how that will evolve. We do not know what will be the under
recovery. So, a lot of imponderables are there. So, I do not want to even hazard, but what
are the facts that remain is that refining and broadly, structurally it is short and you are seeing
those aspects very much right through any kind of resolution also, but cracks have behaved
in a certain way. Also, on some of the capacities as Amit talked about, both on the polymer
products, polyester products, there are some advantages. So, I think structurally, yes, we are
in a good place right through and some of these volatilities, we will live through that and
maybe it is beneficial too.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
Just one last thing on FMCG, any sense of profitability, I know the revenue numbers have
been given, but anything on EBITDA, maybe at least a trajectory? One, and secondly, for the
essentials part, I think earlier presentations, you have given revenue of independence as a
brand, where does that stand and what is Independence and what is the others part of that
essentials?
Company Speaker (Ketan Mody)
So, like we have announced, the target continues to kind of grow leadership in all categories
and we have anyway announced the target is to kind of take this to Rs.1 lakh Crores on
FY2030. We continue to kind of build on capacities, working to gain leadership. EBITDA, I
would put it across since the concentration there, yes, we are breakeven on EBITDA terms,
but EBITDA will improve as a scale and all the supply chain is kind of put it across but yes,

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

29

right now the concentration more on the market share and on the daily essentials part, we
have Independence, we have equally Good Life also, so it is all put together.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
Any number of Independence like you used to give in the last two quarters?
Company Speaker (Ketan Mody)
So, we can share that later. So, this was the total number of the entire staples category.
Questioner (Vikash Jain, CLSA)
Thank you.
Questioner (Nitin Tiwari, Phillip Capital)
Good evening. This is Nitin from PhillipCapital. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to
have some sense on the unit economics of operation in refining and petrochemical. You did
mention about your advantages in terms of operating costs, so if you can give us some sense
where those numbers stand and specifically how they have moved over the March quarter,
this quarter and how do you expect it to be in the next few quarters because there have been
a number of changes, energy usage has come down, you have increased liquid fuel
consumption and so on and so forth, so, if you can give us some sense around that?
Company Speaker (V. Srikanth)
This is going to be tough, my friend. So, first of all, even the deltas that you are seeing, $60
delta, mid distillates, etc., you have to ask yourself, are those accessible deltas given the fact
that there is significant premium to buying crude, there is significant logistic cost and
transporting, there are significant cost in insurance. So, when you talk about unit economics,
it becomes very tough to fund, all these costs have to be seen in the context of what deltas
you are able to realize. So, sometimes if the realization is good, you are able to afford these.
I will find it impossible to even try and attempt to say what it is. We are trying to say and
highlight the volatility exactly to explain that it has been enormously challenging to be able to
do and, in that context, say Rs.17,000 Crores which is up is a very strong performance and
even assuming there were these numbers, it is not a steady state number. So, it is very, very,
very tough for me to win and attempt a crystallization.
Questioner (Nitin Tiwari, Phillip Capital)
Suppose if we exclude the raw material aspect from the entire cost economics and we focus
only on your operating costs.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

30

Company Speaker (V. Srikanth)
No, but that is the point I am saying, when the refinery is what it is, nothing has changed. It
is the aspect of getting crude, it is the cost of getting crude, it is the placement, it is the
realization of the premium and yes, to the extent that if you are using a lot of liquid fuels,
maybe your cost of fuel and cost of operating goes up but in the broader context of what we
have done with both the gasification project as well as we are not using a lot of liquids, for
example, for our cause. So, all the other variability comes on the back of the other things that
I talked to you about.

© Reliance Industries Limited 2020

31

